CSS-10880 Improve documentation (#53)
canonical/superset-k8s-operator: documentation/tutorial/05-creating-a-dashboard.md

> # Creating a Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a dashboard
```

This is part of the
[Charmed Superset Tutorial]().
Please refer to this page for more information and the overview of the content.

> ## Adding Example Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add example data
```

> In order to create a dashboard we first need some data. Charmed Superset comes with the option to import test data for experimentation via a configuration parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create a dashboard you first need some data. Charmed Superset comes with the option to import test data for experimentation via a configuration parameter.
```

```bash
# Note the`load-examples` configuration parameter is set to `False`.
juju config superset-k8s

# Update this value to `True`
juju config superset-k8s load-examples=True
```

> This will take some time (up to 5 minutes). We'll know it's been completed when the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may take some time, up to 5 minutes. Once completed,
```
Use a note box for this.

> `juju status` shows us `superset-k8s/0` unit with `Message`: `Status check: UP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`juju status` shows `superset-k8s/0` unit with `Message`: `Status check: UP`.
```

> ## Accessing the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access the UI
```

> We can now access the UI via the `superset-k8s/0` address, port`8088`. You can do this by opening a browser to `<unit-ip>:8088` (in this example `10.1.255.5:8088`) and logging-in with the username/password `admin/admin`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now access the UI via the `superset-k8s/0` address, port`8088`. You can do this by opening a browser to `<unit-ip>:8088`, in this example `10.1.255.5:8088`, and logging-in with the username/password `admin/admin`. 
```

> ```

Reviewer: I think you wanted to show this code in the section above

Model           Controller           Cloud/Region        Version  SLA          Timestamp
superset-model  superset-controller  microk8s/localhost  3.5.3    unsupported  11:05:51+01:00

App                  Version  Status       Scale  Charm           Channel        Rev  Address         Exposed  Message
postgresql-k8s       14.12    active           1  postgresql-k8s  14/stable      381  10.152.183.243  no       
redis-k8s            7.2.5    active           1  redis-k8s       latest/edge     36  10.152.183.182  no       
superset-k8s                  active           1  superset-k8s    latest/stable   31  10.152.183.135  no       Status check: UP

Unit                    Workload     Agent  Address      Ports  Message
postgresql-k8s/0*       active       idle   10.1.255.10         Primary
redis-k8s/0*            active       idle   10.1.255.21         
superset-k8s/0*         active       idle   10.1.255.5          Status check: UP
```

![Welcome to Superset](../media/superset-welcome.png)

> ## Creating a Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a dashboard
```

> A dashboard is made up of at least 1 chart.We have pre-loaded data including some ready made charts, which we can now add to our dashboard by following the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dashboard is made up of at least one chart. Charmed Superset provides some pre-loaded data including some ready made charts, which you can now add to your dashboard by following the steps below:
```
Is this pre-loaded data the same as previously loaded?

Reviewer: Add periods to the points below.

Author: Yes it is the same data, I've updated this to make it clear we did this in the previous step.

> 1. Start by selecting `+ Dashboard` on the welcome page. This will open a new draft dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start by selecting `+ Dashboard` on the welcome page. This opens a new draft dashboard.
```
Selecting or clicking?

Author: `clicking`, updated.

> 2. Select `Edit Dashboard` and drag and drop the top 3 charts into the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select `Edit Dashboard` and drag and drop the top three charts into the dashboard.
```
We spell out numbers until 10

> 3. Give your dashboard the name `Example Dashboard`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Give your dashboard a name. For instance, `Example dashboard`.
```

4. Save your dashboard

> 5. Click the `Draft` button to turn it from a draft to published dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click the `Draft` button to turn it from a draft to a published dashboard.
```

![Welcome to Superset](../media/superset-dashboard.png)

> And that is it, congratulations on setting up your first dashboard!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
